teenagers are supposed us than their
weekends at the movies they're supposed
to get home late and get told off by
their parents but not really care
because they had such a great time
teenagers are supposed to have friends
but I don't
I don't have any friends
so what turn are you can
[Music]
Oh 11 o'clock
okay twelve
oh here you go midnight say hello to
Sophie for me okay have fun bye I used
to have friends lots of them so many
that it didn't seem like there were
enough days in the week to see everybody
my sister has just as many friends now
as I have done she's she's use him every
weekend she gets home late and she gets
told off by my parents but she doesn't
really care it makes me feel like a
little bit of a loser sometimes because
I just stay at home and then she gets
back and she tells me about everything
she did when she was out and what have I
got to tell her not having any friends
isn't as bad as everyone says I mean
sometimes you have really great days and
you watch a good film where you're
really good Burke and you have so much
time to just think and that's fun but
then other times I I wish that I did
have friends and
not even not even loads just one just
one friend
[Music]
so when I can sit with in class just you
know someone to do something with when
the library's closed
[Music]
mm like very nice new friends if you'd
like to get friend round yeah we sleep
over and get pizza delivered or
something like that
I've actually got quite a lot of
homework to do this weekend and I think
I'll pass
[Music]
I used to have friends and I sometimes
pretend I still do it's it's not
embarrassing that way my parents think
I'm still best friends with Alexandra
even though she hasn't come around for
two or three years because that's what I
told them but really when I go out I'm
not seeing anyone I'm just by myself and
I hate that I have to lie to them
what's the alternative not lying and
them knowing that I'm a loser and
knowing that I have new friends
[Music]
okay Alexander had asked if I want to go
to the tape with her on Sunday for me we
knew yeah there's been a while Beyonce
you say hi I should go that to know that
I can that I can come okay good I hate
that I have to lie to them it's just
easier but then I realized something if
I didn't make an effort to talk to
anyone if I accepted that I never have
any friends well then I never have any
friends I didn't think anyone would want
to be my friend I tried talking to
people to see if I could find a friend
turns out she didn't have any friends
either I never noticed that other people
were lonely too because I was so focused
on my own loneliness kind of selfish
when you think about it
[Music]
she was learning to you the watch thing
about not having any friends is that you
think it will never end and you think
you'll never have friends but everything
is transient I didn't used to have any
friends
[Music]